# CS-320-Software-Test-Automation-QA

1. How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
- The main focus of this course was to utilize software automation testing to verify the quality assurance of the software. To ensure the program's functionality, appropriate tests (manual and automatic) with both valid (acceptable) and invalid (unacceptable) inputs have been performed to confirm that the software produces expected results. All the functional and non-functional requirements stated in the business document have been closely followed to ensure that the program is secure and maintains the industry standard level.

2. How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
- Understanding user needs (software requirements) correctly from the very early stages of software development to implement the right functionalities is vital because they directly impact the success of the project. The business requirements document is the best resource for discovering all the user needs. It provides all the functional and non-functional requirements that shape the functionalities sought by the user. Therefore, all test cases must be designed based on the business requirements documents to test and ensure all the user requested needs have been incorporated successfully into the final product.

3. How do I approach designing software?
- Understanding the business requirements document completely and correctly directly impacts the software design. And consequently, software design impacts all the remaining aspects of the software development process after it and affects the success of the final product. The first step to design software is to understand the business requirements documents completely and correctly because everything that the user needs is within this document. And concurrently try to create test cases for the software. This approach helps to catch any errors and defects in the early stages of development and ensure that the development team is on the right track. 
